Feature/mp 5769/mp 6587 docs issues fix (#842)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/feature-integration-guides/202108.0/marketplace-return-management-feature-integration.md

<!--Describe how a developer can check they have completed the step correctly.-->

1. To verify `MerchantReturnPreCreatePlugin` make sure that when you create return for merchant order items, row in `spy_sales_return` that identifies the new return has `spy_sales_return.merchant_reference` field populated.

> 2. To verify `MerchantReturnCreateRequestValidatorPlugin` make sure, that you can't create return for items from different merchants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To verify `MerchantReturnCreateRequestValidatorPlugin`, make sure that you can't create a return for items from different merchants.
```

> 3. To verify `MerchantReturnExpanderPlugin` make sure that you can see merchant order references on return detail page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To verify `MerchantReturnExpanderPlugin`, make sure that you can see merchant order references on the return details page.
```

{% endinfo_block %}

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

<!--Describe how a developer can check they have completed the step correctly.-->

> Make sure that when you create and process return for merchant order items, it's statuses synced between state machines in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that when you create and process a return for merchant order items, its statuses are synced between state machines in the following way:
```
